automation -> code change management, campaigns (rename, refresh content) (#583)
sourcegraph/about: direction/index.md

- Code search and navigation (with code intelligence)
- Integration into code review
- Code change management campaigns

Our current product priorities are:

- Usability: Sourcegraph is intuitive to use for anyone looking for answers about their code, and easy for admins to configure and maintain.
- Scalability: Sourcegraph performs reliably at scale for our largest customers.

> - Code change management campaigns: fix and change things across all of your repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code change management campaigns: fix issues and make changes across all of your repositories.
```
